Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
Level 24, Tower 3, PETRONAS Twin Towers, KLCC
50088
Kuala Lumpur, MALAYSIA
Attn. : Mr. Ungku Muhammad Zulhilmi Ungku Zakaria
Email : ungkumzulhilmi.ungku@petronas.com.my
BUDGETARY PROPOSAL AND TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION
Our reference : 122380-85661 A Date: 05-Dec-2025
Commercial contact : Emilia Bertoni (bertoni@duiker.com)
Technical contact : Kamila Koichumanova (koichumanova@duiker.com)
Your reference : Gentari Hydrogen Sdn Bhd – Ammonia Cracking Technology
Assessment
Enquiry date : 11-November-2025
End-user / Location : Gentari/ Singapore
Project name : Project J
Equipment : Ammonia Cracker Unit
Dear Mr. Ungku Muhammad Zulhilmi Ungku Zakaria,
We thank you for your enquiry received during our meeting on November 7th, 2025 and have
pleasure in providing our non-binding budgetary proposal and technical description for the
Duiker’s ammonia cracking technology for hydrogen production.
We aim that this Budgetary Proposal including technology description and CAPEX estimate of
Duiker’s Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC) supports your in understanding Duiker
technology and its benefits and invites you to have a discussion with us about the key data.
As a result, you can better evaluate our ammonia cracking technology for your project in order
to optimize sizing and scope for the lowest cracking costs.
As we realise that some clarifications might be needed, we encourage to have an open
discussion to highlight the content, possibilities and background in more detail, as well as
enabling an Q&A possibility from your side.
We trust that our offer is of interest to you and look forward to your comments.
Yours sincerely,
Duiker Clean Technologies
Registered trademark of Duiker Combustion Engineers B.V.
1/21
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
1 Executive summary
Typical ammonia to hydrogen converter, fuelled with a clean fuel, produces carbon-free
hydrogen at a commercial scale utilizing compact and simple design with only few units such
as ammonia combustion unit, ammonia cracking unit and hydrogen purification unit (excluding
heat exchangers and pumps). The cracking process operates at 50 barg. The limited number
of units and the high pressure allow for a compact design and inherently high availability. See
Figure 1 for a schematic overview of Duiker’s Ammonia Cracking Technology.
All main components that make up the AHC have been proven in industrial applications. More
than 80 external specialists, suppliers and partners were involved in developing and
commercialising the technology. The technical viability assessment performed for overall AHC
plant arrived at the conclusion that - with the Technology Readiness Level (TRL) of 8 - the
technology is ready to be applied at commercial scale.
Figure 1: Duiker Ammonia Cracking Technology in a nutshell.
This concept study lists the technology’s differentiating factors and key process, environmental
and business performance indicators for two identical trains with each train producing 85 tons
per day of high-purity hydrogen (99.97 mol.%) at a pressure of 50 bar(g).
The plant’s scope-1 emissions are entirely CO -free since a small part of feedstock ammonia
2
is used as fuel as described in section Process description. However, in case it is preferred to
utilize natural gas as fuel source instead of ammonia or as a start-up fuel, AHC process design
is flexible and can be adapted accordingly. Both cases of natural gas firing will result in
additional CO emissions.
2
The plant has been configured to have an ultra-low NO emission level of 5 ppm @ 3% O dry.
x 2
This ultra low level of NO will be achieved in 2 steps;
x
1) NO emissions of 100 ppm @ 3% O are generated by the low NOx ammonia
x 2
combustion (SCO) unit,
2) Further reduction of NO emissions to 5 ppm @ 3% O dry are achieved by a small-
x 2
size SCR unit.
These emission levels are well below NO levels as per projects specifications (700 mg/Nm3).
x
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
2 / 18

|     |     |   Document number  |                   |          | Issue/status  |     |
| --- | --- | ------------------ | ----------------- | -------- | ------------- | --- |
|     |     | Project            | -  Item  -  Doc.  | -  Numb  | A             |     |
|     |     |                    | type              | er       | Released      |     |
|     |     | 122380             | -  00  -  QUO     | -  0001  |               |     |
Title:  Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)

Neglible amounts of NH  (less than 1 ppm) and N O (below detectable level) are expected and
3 2
no other effluents are produced.

During normal operation, electricity consumption is 0.25 kWh per kg of hydrogen produced for
both ammonia fired and NG fired options. The specific ammonia consumption is 7.03 kg
ammonia per kg of produced hydrogen during ammonia firing and 6.83 kg ammonia per kg of
produced hydrogen during natural gas firing. Only low quantities of utilities, such as nitrogen
purge, are required. No steam or cooling water is needed. This yields an energy efficiency of
90.9% on LHV basis for ammonia fired option, which is among the highest of all ammonia
cracking technologies.

Table 1: Comparison between key figures during ammonia or natural gas firing
Comparison table  Base case (NH  firing)  Natural Gas firing
3
| H yield & Efficiency  |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| --------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
2-
|     |             | Yield   7.03 kg NH3/kg H |                         | 6.83 kg NH   | /kg H   |     |
| --- | ----------- | ------------------------ | ----------------------- | ------------ | ------- | --- |
|     |             |                          | 2                       |              | 3 2     |     |
|     |             |                          |                         |              |         |     |
|     |             | Or                       |                         | Or           |         |     |
|     |             |                          |                         |              |         |     |
|     |             | (5.66/7.03)              |                         | (5.66/6.83)  |         |     |
|     |             | 80.5%                    |                         | 82.9%        |         |     |
|     | Efficiency  | 90.9%                    |                         | 90.6%        |         |     |
|     |             |                          | Emissions @ 3% O  dry:  |              |         |     |
2
|     |                   | NOx  5 ppm with small-scale SCR  |        |           |         |     |
| --- | ----------------- | -------------------------------- | ------ | --------- | ------- | --- |
|     |                   | NH 3   <1 ppm                    |        |           |         |     |
|     | Carbon emissions  | 0.0 kgCO                         | /kgH   | 0.21 kgCO | /kgH    |     |
|     |                   |                                  | 2 2    |           | 2 2     |     |

Duiker’s design offers very compact and flexible plant arrangement since only three main units
are included in the process: SCO unit, ammonia cracking reactor(s) and PSA unit. See Figure
2 for a 3D model of a typical full scale Ammonia cracking plant for 276 TPD H 2  of 99.97 mol.%
purity.

A typical AHC train with daily hydrogen output of 276 tons takes up a plot space of 3660 m2,
which excludes the storage of liquid ammonia or compression of hydrogen beyond 50 barg.
The hydrogen capacity of 12 ktpa H  (36 tpd H ) requested by Gentari can be arranged in a
2 2
single customized train with one customized reactor per train. The expected plot space for
such a train is 900 m2 and is estimated by scaling down the size of the full scale plant. However,
more detailed evaluation will be helpful in plot area optimization and integration of the plant
into the existing site. Especially when the plot availability at site is limited.

Capital cost (+/-40%) for a single train producing 12 ktpa (36 tpd) H  with purity of 99.97 mol.%
2
(equal to 99.5 wt.%) is estimated at € 47 million.

The Operating Expenditure (OPEX) (+/-40%) for a single train producing 12 ktpa (36 tpd) H
2
with purity of 99.97 mol.% is estimated at € 2.9 million. OPEX consists of utility cost, catalyst
cost, labor cost, as well as maintenance costs.

This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
|     |     |     |     |     |     | 3 / 18  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ------- |

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
Technology Maturing
To further mature and verify the catalyst, Duiker has already executed catalyst testing of
multiple commercial catalysts. The measured kinetics were used to regress a kinetic model
that predicts the performance of a full-scale reactor.
Further to the catalyst testing, the catalyst pellets have also been used to carry out catalyst
charging studies. This study has verified both the catalyst loading procedure and pressure drop
measurement procedure.
Duiker is executing a pilot plant (Ammonex project) for the ammonia cracking technology,
consisting of an SCO and a cracking reactor with full-scale reactor tubes, consisting of the
dimensions and materials to be used in the commercial design. The aim of the demonstration
will be to:
• Demonstrate operational efficiency and performance in 6-month pilot operation:
• Verify operation through all operating modes
• Demonstrate targeted NH conversion at steady state
3
• Demonstrate predictable catalyst deactivation after multiple pressure cycles
• Validate the resilience of selected materials for the reactor against nitriding and creep
• Validate Duiker’s advanced reactor model.
Key differentiators of Duiker’s AHC technology
✓ Lowest cost of hydrogen with world scale hydrogen production volume
✓ High plant reliability and availability by design
✓ Mature technology, enabling commercial application
✓ Ultra-low environmental impact
✓ Smallest footprint, fewest utilities required
✓ Fuel input flexibility
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
4 / 18

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
Figure 2. 3D model of a single-train ammonia cracker with a rated output of 276 tons per day of 99.97 mol.%
hydrogen Please note that train will have 4 reactors installed instead of depicted 6 reactors.
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
5 / 18

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
Table of Contents
1 Executive summary ........................................................................................................ 2
2 General Information ........................................................................................................ 7
2.1 Scope ....................................................................................................................... 7
2.2 Introducing Duiker Clean Technologies .................................................................... 7
2.3 Duiker’s Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC) Technology ................................. 7
2.4 Technology Readiness Assessment ......................................................................... 9
3 Technical Description of Duiker’s Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter Technology ...........10
3.1 Basis of Design ...................................................................................................... 10
3.2 Process Description ............................................................................................... 10
3.3 Ammonia feedstock specifications .......................................................................... 11
3.4 Hydrogen product specifications ............................................................................. 11
3.5 Hydrogen yield ....................................................................................................... 11
3.6 Battery limits........................................................................................................... 12
3.7 Material Balance .................................................................................................... 12
3.8 Efficiency ................................................................................................................ 13
3.9 Utilities ................................................................................................................... 13
3.9.1 Fuel gas ..........................................................................................................14
3.10 Plot space .............................................................................................................. 14
3.11 Effluents & Emissions ............................................................................................. 15
3.11.1 Effluents ..........................................................................................................15
3.11.2 Emissions ........................................................................................................15
4 Commercial KPI’s ..........................................................................................................16
4.1 Capital Cost & Equipment ...................................................................................... 16
4.2 Technology license fees ......................................................................................... 17
4.3 Operational Costs .................................................................................................. 17
5 Technical Key Performance Indicators ..........................................................................18
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
6 / 18

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
2 General Information
2.1 Scope
This budgetary proposal was prepared for Gentari as part of their Request For Information.
The goal of the proposal is to provide technical information for adequate understanding of
Duiker’s technology and for Gentari to perform right technology selection for a commercial
scale Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC).
The proposed plant aims to deliver high-purity hydrogen from renewable ammonia to facilitate
import of green energy in Singapore. The plant is based on a highly efficient, economically
optimized and environmentally sustainable process by combining state-of-the-art equipment
with a high technological readiness level. Within the boundary of this study, the plant receives
cryogenic ammonia (-33°C and atmospheric pressure) as a feedstock and produces
pressurized high-purity hydrogen as an output.
2.2 Introducing Duiker Clean Technologies
Duiker is a specialist engineering company & technology provider active in the fields of sulfur
recovery, ammonia to hydrogen and ammonia to heat conversion, as well as process
optimisation and emission reduction. As a team we collaborate with reputable partners and
customers to design and provide tailor-made process technology solutions on industrial scale,
supply the core equipment with controls and instrumentation to ensure an optimum and
trouble-free operation. Furthermore, together with selected reputable partners, Duiker is able
to supply on a Lump Sum Turn Key (LSTK) basis, the hydrogen production (via ammonia
cracking) plants to customers, as well as providing maintenance, start-up and operator training.
In short Duiker is able to take the customer through all developments stages that are necessary
from the basic concept to the start-up and operation of the plant. If desired by the customer
Duiker is able to act as the sole focal point and main contractor.
Duiker’s clean energy solutions support the transition to the hydrogen economy and clean
energy. We develop, design and deliver innovative ammonia to hydrogen and ammonia to heat
process solutions and related equipment for the energy sector. Our technologies are based on
more than a decade of experience with processing ammonia.
Duiker Clean Technologies is a registered trade name of Duiker Combustion Engineers B.V.
2.3 Duiker’s Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC) Technology
Duiker’s cracking technology is a bespoke process that specifically focuses on requirements
of ammonia cracking reaction, specifications of hydrogen product desired by the hydrogen
market and strict emission regulations due to decarbonization needs. This is different to other
conventional cracking technologies for ammonia crackers that recycle already existing
technology designs and bring their limitations along.
Duiker’s approach in designing ammonia cracking process was to start with the design problem
and identify the functional requirements that solve the customer problem while meeting the
strict environmental and operational limits. Duiker has experience in doing this by developing
and commercially deploying a low-NO ammonia combustion system since 2009. This design
x
synthesis approach was used to develop the AHC process, as described in 3.2 Process
Description.
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
7 / 18

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
Duiker’s ammonia cracking technology offers a list of benefits such as zero CO emissions and
2
inherently low NO emissions; compact and reliable design, high degree of heat integration
x
resulting in lowest possible levelised cost of produced hydrogen and high availability and
reliability thanks to long lifetime of the reactor tubes.
1. Inherently low NO combustion:
x
The ammonia cracking technology uses a small amount of ammonia feed allowing zero
CO emissions and a proven low NO ammonia combustion system. This means that
2 x
even if ammonia is fed as fuel, the NO production is limited to less than 100 ppm
x
without an SCR. An SCR can be included to reduce the emissions from less than 100
ppm to 5 ppm.
Due to low NO content at the inlet of the SCR, NH slip (less than 1 ppm) and nitrous
x 3
oxide N O (below detectable limits) emission is much lower than with other ammonia
2
cracking technologies.
Scope-1 carbon dioxide emissions are completely absent in this process if carbon-
neutral start-up fuel (such as hydrogen) is used. By using green ammonia as a
feedstock and Power Purchase Agreements for electrical power, truly green hydrogen
can be delivered.
2. Compact and reliable:
Duiker’s AHC process uses only three major unit operations (excluding heat
exchangers and pumps) – a combustion unit, a reactor and pressure swing adsorption
(PSA). Furthermore ammonia and nitrogen removal is done in one step.
In addition, the process operates at 50 barg. The limited number of units and the high
pressure allow for a compact design and inherently high availability.
3. High degree of heat integration:
Duiker’s AHC design is highly heat intergrated resulting in high efficiency and lowest
possible levelised cost of produced hydrogen.
4. High availability and reliability and long tube lifetime:
The reactor configuration that is selected, is one that uses hot gases to convectively
supply the heat for the reaction.
Since the reactor tubes in Duiker’s ammonia cracker are not exposed directly to flames,
they can be designed for operation up to 200,000 hrs. Thereby increasing the overall
lifetime of the plant.
The ammonia cracking reactor is designed in such a way to allow homogeneous heat
distribution and simple heat recovery. In conventional ammonia cracker designs radiant heat
transfer is used which is associated with many damage mechanisms and has poor radial
temperature distribution due to crossflows.
Duiker’s ammonia cracking reactor utilizes counter-current flow allowing better heat transfer.
Other ammonia cracking reactor advantages are summarized in Table 2.
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
8 / 18

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
Table 2. Reactor comparison between Duiker cracker and Conventional ammonia cracker
Conventional ammonia cracker design Duiker Reactor Design
High temperatures and co-current flow on Moderate temperatures and counter current
utility side (In: 1700°C – Out: 800°C) flow (In: 1000°C – Out: 600°C)
Radiant Section is Associated with Many
Utilizes only Convection (No Radiation)
Damage Mechanisms
Heat Recovery is Difficult (Requires Steam Heat Recovery is Simple (Gas-Gas with
System) NH Inlet)
3
Has Poor Radial Temperature Distribution Has Close too Homogenous Radial
(Cross Flow & Radiation) Temperature Distribution due to Annuli
Utilizes One Burner (Approved Vendor for
Requires Many Burners Every Single O&G Company – Shell, BP,
Chevron, Exxon, etc., etc.)
Has Low Heat Losses (Surface Area
Has Very Large Heat Losses (SMR Surface
Optimized, Circle) and Utilizes Thermal
Area + Leak Tightness)
Shroud
2.4 Technology Readiness Assessment
A technology readiness assessment for all the critical technology elements utilized in the
Duiker Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter has been performed. Technology readiness levels
(TRL) as defined by the European Union have been assigned to each element.
Following elements have been assigned TRL 9 “Actual system proven in operational
environment” - valves, instruments, blowers, heat exchangers, the stack and emergency relief
flare. The remaining elements have been evaluated at TRL 8 “System complete and qualified”-
Stoichiometry Controlled Oxidation, Ammonia Cracking Reactor, Pressure Swing Adsorption.
Although there are multiple industrial references operating in comparable operational
conditions, these elements have not been applied for this exact purpose. Therefore they lack
the qualification that the actual system has proven itself in an operational environment and
thus TRL 9. The next step would be to operate the 3 core technologies (SCO, Ammonia
Cracking Reactor and PSA) together.
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
9 / 18

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
3 Technical Description of Duiker’s Ammonia to Hydrogen
Converter Technology
3.1 Basis of Design
The nominal plant capacity for Gentari is considered to be equal to 12 kilotons per year (or 36
tons per day) of hydrogen with purity 99.5 wt.% (equal to 99.97 mol.%). Proposed Duiker AHC
plant has been scaled down from a full train consisting of 4 reactors with total capacity of 276
tons per day. Scaled down train will have one customized reactor with capacity of 36 tons per
day 99.5 wt.% hydrogen per train.
Two fuel options are considered for heat generation – 100% NH fuel and 100% Natural gas
3
fuel. Output pressure of hydrogen product is 20 barg, as per project requirements.
The project will be considered as a Green-Field project inclusive of the utilities with site location
in Singapore.
3.2 Process Description
The Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC) processes green ammonia, the feedstock, and
converts this to green hydrogen, the product.
The core of the AHC is the Ammonia Cracking Reactor where the endothermic decomposition
of Ammonia to Hydrogen and Nitrogen occurs. This reactor utilizes only convective heat
transfer, thus avoiding direct high temperature radiation on critical parts of the reactor and
therefore greatly improving the reliability and lifespan of the unit. This novel cracking reactor
contributes significantly to the reduction of the levelised cost of the produced hydrogen.
The heat required for the endothermic reaction is provided by Duiker’s proprietary
Stoichiometry Controlled Oxidation (SCO) unit that combusts a small amount of the feedstock
for that purpose. The downstream separation and later refinement of the process stream are
handled by the Pressure Swing Adsorption (PSA) unit, resulting in a high-grade Hydrogen
product. The tail gas of the PSA unit containing mainly Nitrogen, Hydrogen and a small amount
of Ammonia, is recycled back to SCO unit to ensure optimal heat integration. Alternative fueling
option by using natural gas instead of ammonia is possible.
Figure 3 Block Flow Diagram for the Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
10 / 18

|     |   Document number  |          |          |          | Issue/status  |     |
| --- | ------------------ | -------- | -------- | -------- | ------------- | --- |
|     | Project            | -  Item  | -  Doc.  | -  Numb  | A             |     |
|     |                    |          | type     | er       | Released      |     |
|     | 122380             | -  00    | -  QUO   | -  0001  |               |     |
Title:  Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)

3.3  Ammonia feedstock specifications
The feed properties of ammonia are that of commercially available traded ammonia, please
refer to Table 3 for ammonia feedstock specifications.

Table 3: Ammonia Feedstock Specification for commercially traded ammonia
|                    | Min.  | Max.     | Nominal  |     |     |     |
| ------------------ | ----- | -------- | -------- | --- | --- | --- |
| Pressure, bar(g)   |       |          | 0.04     |     |     |     |
| Temperature, °C    |       |          | -33      |     |     |     |
| Composition, wt.%  |       |          |          |     |     |     |
| NH 3               | 99.5  | 99.8     | 99.6     |     |     |     |
| H O                |       | 0.2-0.5  | 0.4      |     |     |     |
2
| Contaminants, ppm wt.  |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Oil                    |     | 5   | 5   |     |     |     |
| Iron                   |     | 5   | 5   |     |     |     |
3.4  Hydrogen product specifications
Hydrogen product is delivered at temperature of 30 °C and pressure of 50 barg with requested
purity of 99.5 wt.% (equal to 99.97 mol.%). Typical design of AHC unit is targeting hydrogen
purity of 99.97 mol.% (Table 4) according to fuel cell grade quality in accordance with ISO
14687:2019. However, purity can be controlled by adjusting PSA parameters to match exact
project requirements.

Table 4: Hydrogen product specification derived from table 2 of ISO14687:2019.
|                    | Nominal  |     |     |     |     |     |
| ------------------ | -------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Pressure, bar(g)   | 50       |     |     |     |     |     |
| Temperature, °C    | 30       |     |     |     |     |     |
| Composition, wt.%  |          |     |     |     |     |     |
| H 2                | 99.97    |     |     |     |     |     |
| N                  | 0.03     |     |     |     |     |     |
2
| Contaminants, ppmv  |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| ------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| NH 3                | <1  |     |     |     |     |     |
| H O                 | 5   |     |     |     |     |     |
2
| CO   | 2   |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
2
| CO  | 0.2  |     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | ---- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| O   | 5    |     |     |     |     |     |
2

Hydrogen output pressure of 20 barg required by project specifications can be achieved by
reducing the pressure after the PSA stage.
3.5  Hydrogen yield
The specific ammonia consumption (or product yield) on a mass basis:
| •  Ammonia fired case: 7.05 t NH |     | / t H 2 @ 90,9% enthalpy efficiency  |     |     |     |     |
| -------------------------------- | --- | ------------------------------------ | --- | --- | --- | --- |
3
•  Natural Gas fired case: 6.83 t NH / t H 2 @ 90,6% enthalpy efficiency
3

Please refer to Section 3.9.1 “Fuel gas” for further comparison of ammonia- and natural gas-
fired options.

This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
|     |     |     |     |     |     | 11 / 18  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | -------- |

|     |     |   Document number  |                   |          | Issue/status  |     |
| --- | --- | ------------------ | ----------------- | -------- | ------------- | --- |
|     |     | Project            | -  Item  -  Doc.  | -  Numb  | A             |     |
|     |     |                    | type              | er       | Released      |     |
|     |     | 122380             | -  00  -  QUO     | -  0001  |               |     |
Title:  Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)

| 3.6  | Battery limits  |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---- | --------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

The ISBL is defined to include the pre-treatment of Ammonia feedstock prior to the cracking
process, all the processing units, the Stack and relevant Piping as well as the Valves &
Instrumentation.

Inside of Battery Limit the following units are included:

| •   | Ammonia Pump and Vaporizer                               |     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | -------------------------------------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| •   | Ammonia Combustor (SCO)                                  |     |     |     |     |     |
| •   | Ammonia Cracking Reactor                                 |     |     |     |     |     |
| •   | Pressure Swing Adsorption Unit                           |     |     |     |     |     |
| •   | Blowers and Heat Exchangers                              |     |     |     |     |     |
| •   | Stack with Continuous Emission Monitoring System (CEMS)  |     |     |     |     |     |
| •   | ISBL Piping, Valves and Instruments                      |     |     |     |     |     |

OSBL is flare, ammonia storage and loading-unloading facilities and control room.
| 3.7  | Material Balance  |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---- | ----------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
The material balance has been calculated on the basis of 12 kilotons per year (or 36 tons per
day) of high purity hydrogen 99.97 mol% for an AHC unit using ammonia as fuel gas (Table 5)
and NG as fuel gas (Table 6).

The main inlet-outlet flows are:
| A.  | Ammonia Feedstock  |     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | ------------------ | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| B.  | Air                |     |     |     |     |     |
| C.  | Hydrogen Product   |     |     |     |     |     |
| D.  | Flue Gas           |     |     |     |     |     |

Table 5. Overall Material Balance for 12 kilotons per year (or 36 tpd) H2 with purity of 99.97 mol.% for NH3 fired
option.
|     |     | Ammonia  |     | Hydrogen  | Flue Gas to the  |     |
| --- | --- | -------- | --- | --------- | ---------------- | --- |
Total Air
|                      |       | Feedstock  |       | Product  | Stack  |     |
| -------------------- | ----- | ---------- | ----- | -------- | ------ | --- |
| Composition, mole-%  |       |            |       |          |        |     |
|                      | H 2   | -          | -     | 99.97    | -      |     |
|                      | N     | -          | 77.2  | 0.03     | 77.09  |     |
2
|     | NH   | 99.62  | -   | -   | -   |     |
| --- | ---- | ------ | --- | --- | --- | --- |
3
|     | O 2  | -     | 20.71  | -   | 12.57  |     |
| --- | ---- | ----- | ------ | --- | ------ | --- |
|     | H O  | 0.38  | 1.17   | -   | 9.59   |     |
2
|     | NO (ppm)  | -   | -   | -   | <5  |     |
| --- | --------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
x
Ar
|                    |     | -       | 0.92    | -      | 0.75    |     |
| ------------------ | --- | ------- | ------- | ------ | ------- | --- |
| Flow rate, kmol/h  |     | 613     | 1,734   | 735    | 2,133   |     |
| Flow rate, kg/h    |     | 10,448  | 50,000  | 1,487  | 58,961  |     |
| Flow rate, MTPD    |     | 251     | 1,200   | 36     | 1,415   |     |
| Pressure, bar(g)   |     | 0.04    | 0       | 50     | 0       |     |
| Temperature, °C    |     | -33.0   | 12.5    | 30.0   | 45.1    |     |

This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
|     |     |     |     |     |     | 12 / 18  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | -------- |

|     |   Document number  |     |                |          | Issue/status  |     |
| --- | ------------------ | --- | -------------- | -------- | ------------- | --- |
|     | Project            | -   | Item  -  Doc.  | -  Numb  | A             |     |
|     |                    |     | type           | er       | Released      |     |
|     | 122380             | -   | 00  -  QUO     | -  0001  |               |     |
Title:  Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)

Table 6. Overall Material Balance for 12 kilotons per year (or 36 tpd) H2 with purity of 99.97 mol.% for NG fired
option.
|     | Ammonia    | Natural  | Gas        | Hydrogen  | Flue Gas to  |     |
| --- | ---------- | -------- | ---------- | --------- | ------------ | --- |
|     |            |          | Total Air  |           |              |     |
|     | Feedstock  | Fuel     |            | Product   | the Stack    |     |

| Composition, mole-%  |     |     |     |        |     |     |
| -------------------- | --- | --- | --- | ------ | --- | --- |
| H                    | -   | -   | -   | 99.97  | -   |     |
2
| N   | -   | 14.35  | 77.2  | 0.03  | 77.0  |     |
| --- | --- | ------ | ----- | ----- | ----- | --- |
2
| NH   | 99.62  | -   | -   | -   | -   |     |
| ---- | ------ | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
3
| O   | -   | 0.01  | 20.71  | -   | 12.0  |     |
| --- | --- | ----- | ------ | --- | ----- | --- |
2
| H O  | 0.38  | -   | 1.17  | -   | 9.6  |     |
| ---- | ----- | --- | ----- | --- | ---- | --- |
2
| Inerts  | -   | -     | 0.92  | -   | 0.75  |     |
| ------- | --- | ----- | ----- | --- | ----- | --- |
| CH      | -   | 81.3  | -     | -   | -     |     |
4
| CO         | -   | 0.89  | -   | -   |       |     |
| ---------- | --- | ----- | --- | --- | ----- | --- |
| 2          |     |       |     |     | 0.63  |     |
| C H        | -   | 2.85  | -   | -   |       |     |
| 2 6        |     |       |     |     | -     |     |
| C 3 H 8    | -   | 0.37  | -   | -   | -     |     |
| C 4 H 10   | -   | 0.14  | -   | -   | -     |     |
| C 5 H 12   | -   | 0.04  | -   | -   | -     |     |
| C H        | -   | 0.05  | -   | -   | -     |     |
6 14
| Flow rate, kmol/h  | 601     | 8     | 1,780   | 741    | 2,162   |     |
| ------------------ | ------- | ----- | ------- | ------ | ------- | --- |
| Flow rate, kg/h    | 10,246  | 145   | 51,332  | 1,500  | 59,947  |     |
| Flow rate, MTPD    | 245.9   | 3.5   | 1,232   | 36     | 1,439   |     |
| Pressure, bar(g)   | 0.04    | 0.05  | 0       | 50     | 0       |     |
| Temperature, °C    | -33     | 25    | 12.5    | 30     | 108     |     |

3.8  Efficiency

The efficiency of the process based on the Lower Heating Values of Ammonia and Hydrogen,
electricity consumption and heat losses is 90% on an end-of-run (for the catalyst) basis. The
process is designed to make efficient use of resources, such as ammonia feedstock and
electricity. As the energy consumption overwhelmingly determines the cost of the hydrogen
product, the lowest cost of hydrogen results from this process.
3.9  Utilities
The Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter is a highly heat-integrated process and does not require
any external utilities for heating/cooling purposes. The process also does not produce any
utilities such as steam. Among the utilities consumed are electricity, purge nitrogen and glycol
in a closed loop. Electricity for normal operation is needed for the blowers, pumps and
instrumentation. During normal operation for both ammonia fired and natural gas fired case,
0.25 kWh of electricity is consumed per kg of hydrogen produced.

A small amount of nitrogen purge is required to keep nozzles cool etc.
No cooling water is required due to full integration of the heat within the process.

This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
|     |     |     |     |     |     | 13 / 18  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | -------- |

|     |   Document number  |                   |          | Issue/status  |     |
| --- | ------------------ | ----------------- | -------- | ------------- | --- |
|     | Project            | -  Item  -  Doc.  | -  Numb  | A             |     |
|     |                    | type              | er       | Released      |     |
|     | 122380             | -  00  -  QUO     | -  0001  |               |     |
Title:  Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)

3.9.1  Fuel gas
Ammonia together with PSA tail gas is used as fuel in Duiker’s ammonia to hydrogen converter.
Depending on the project requirements and location, other fuels like for example natural gas
can be used instead of ammonia. The plant performance parameters such as hydrogen yield,
carbon  emissions,  thermal  efficiency  will  be  affected  when  natural  gas  used  instead  of
ammonia.

The differences between natural gas and ammonia as fuel input have been listed in Table 7.

Table 7. Comparison of AHC unit performance for ammonia-fired and natural gas-fired cases.
|     | Base case (NH |  firing)  | Natural Gas firing  |     |     |
| --- | ------------- | --------- | ------------------- | --- | --- |
3
| Yield       | 7.03 kg NH | / kg H 2  | 6.83 kg NH |  / kg H 2  |     |
| ----------- | ---------- | --------- | ---------- | ---------- | --- |
|             |            | 3         |            | 3          |     |
| Efficiency  | 90.9 %     |           | 90.6 %     |            |     |
Emissions @ 3% O2 dry
| NOx               | 5 ppm with small-size SCR  |     | 5 ppm with small-size SCR  |            |     |
| ----------------- | -------------------------- | --- | -------------------------- | ---------- | --- |
| NH3               | <1 ppm                     |     | <1 ppm                     |            |     |
| Carbon emissions  | none                       |     | 0.21 kgCO                  | 2 /kgH 2   |     |

3.10 Plot space
A single train with a capacity of 276 tons per day hydrogen takes up a plot space of 3,660 m2
(122 m x 30 m), which excludes the storage of liquid ammonia or compression of hydrogen
beyond 50 barg. Figure 4 represents a typical plant arrangement for a 276 tons H  per day
2
plant.
The hydrogen capacity of 12 ktpa H  (36 tpd H ) requested by Gentari can be arranged in a
2 2
single customized train with one customized reactor per train. The expected plot space for
such a train is 900 m2 and is estimated by scaling down the size of the full scale plant. However,
more detailed evaluation will be helpful in plot area optimization and integration of the plant
into the existing site. Especially when the plot availability at site is limited.

Figure 4. Typical plot plan for a single train AHC plant with 276 tpd hydrogen output. Please note that train will have
4 reactors installed instead of depicted 6 reactors.

This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
|     |     |     |     |     | 14 / 18  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | -------- |

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
3.11 Effluents & Emissions
3.11.1 Effluents
The only gaseous effluent of the AHC is considered to be the Flue Gas from the Stack. No
liquid or solid waste streams are present in the process.
3.11.2 Emissions
The technical solution that Duiker proposes (base case of ammonia firing), has zero direct
emissions of CO as the required heat for the production of Hydrogen is provided by the
2
stoichiometry controlled combustion of ammonia-based fuel. The only source of carbon is from
the CO footprint of the electricity, unless a carbon containing fuel (like natural gas) is used for
2
heating or start-up. If end-user specifies that the electricity usage is based on renewable
sources (wind, solar, etc.), the Hydrogen produced can be considered carbon-free.
Based on Duiker’s scope analysis, the only direct emissions present in the provided technical
solution are NO and NH . The NO emissions have been estimated to be less than 100 ppm
x 3 x
and could be further minimized further by means of SCR technology. These emission levels
are well below NO levels as per projects specifications (700 mg/Nm3).
x
The NH emissions are considered to be negligible, as they appear to be lower than 1 ppm.
3
These emission levels are based on (dry, without water content) flue gas stream that consists
of 3 vol% O dry, for proper comparison reasons.
2
Due to low NO content at the inlet of the SCR, ammonia slip (less than 1 ppm NH ) and nitrous
x 3
oxide (N O) emission (below detectable limits) is much lower than with other ammonia cracking
2
technologies. Scope-1 carbon dioxide emissions are completely absent in this process if
carbon-neutral start-up fuel (such as hydrogen) is used. By using green ammonia as a
feedstock and Power Purchase Agreements for electrical power, truly green hydrogen can be
delivered. Carbon emissions for natural gas fired option will be generated and are estimated
to be around 0.21 kgCO /kgH .
2 2
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
15 / 18

|     |     |   Document number  |                   |          | Issue/status  |     |
| --- | --- | ------------------ | ----------------- | -------- | ------------- | --- |
|     |     | Project            | -  Item  -  Doc.  | -  Numb  | A             |     |
|     |     |                    | type              | er       | Released      |     |
|     |     | 122380             | -  00  -  QUO     | -  0001  |               |     |
Title:  Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)

| 4    | Commercial KPI’s          |     |     |     |     |     |
| ---- | ------------------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 4.1  | Capital Cost & Equipment  |     |     |     |     |     |

In Table 8, the Capital Cost indication (± 40%) for the total production unit and the design basis
of single train of 12ktpa (around 36 tpd) of H  with purity of 99.5 wt% (equal to 99.97 mol.%),
2
is presented.

Table 8. Capital Cost (± 40%)
Price for single train 12
|     | Description  | Includes  |     | ktpa (36 tpd) H | 2  99.97  |     |
| --- | ------------ | --------- | --- | --------------- | --------- | --- |
mol.%
Purchase & Supply of
|     | Equipment Cost (± 40%)  |     |     | € 20M  |     |     |
| --- | ----------------------- | --- | --- | ------ | --- | --- |
Equipment
Engineering
Installation
Piping & Instrumentation
Electrical
Engineering, Installation and
|     |     | Buildings & Civil work  |     | € 27M  |     |     |
| --- | --- | ----------------------- | --- | ------ | --- | --- |
EPC Cost (± 40%)
Foundation
Commissioning
Start-up
Plant Construction License
Fee
Equipment Cost
Total (Lump-sum turnkey,
€ 47M
|     | ± 40%)  | Engineering, Installation and  |     |     |     |     |
| --- | ------- | ------------------------------ | --- | --- | --- | --- |
EPC Cost

Equipment  cost  contains  purchase  &  supply  of  all  equipment  inside  the  battery  limit.
Engineering, Installation and EPC Cost contains the cost for installing all equipment, consisting
of  engineering,  installation,  piping,  instrumentation,  electrical,  buildings  &  civil  work,
foundations, commissioning and start-up, as well as plant construction license fee.

This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
|     |     |     |     |     |     | 16 / 18  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | -------- |

|     |   Document number  |                   |          | Issue/status  |     |
| --- | ------------------ | ----------------- | -------- | ------------- | --- |
|     | Project            | -  Item  -  Doc.  | -  Numb  | A             |     |
|     |                    | type              | er       | Released      |     |
|     | 122380             | -  00  -  QUO     | -  0001  |               |     |
Title:  Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)

4.2  Technology license fees

In order to allow the licensor to provide warranties that come with the license, the licensee will
pay a one-time Plant Construction License Fee and a periodic Plant Operation License Fee as
a function of the amount of hydrogen that is produced with the licensed plant facility.
The lump sum amount of the Plant Construction License Fee is € 2,700,000.= (say two million
seven hundred thousand euros) per train with maximum start of run hydrogen output of 276
tpd H  at a purity of 99.97 mol%. An adjusted Plant Construction License Fee is added in the
2
CAPEX estimations in Table 8 according to the requested capacity.

At the end of each calendar year, Licensee shall pay to Licensor a Plant Operation License
Fee of € 8.50 (say eight euros and fifty cents) for each metric ton of hydrogen exported from
the Licensed Plant Facility in the preceding calendar year. The rates do not include any taxes
or duties. An adjusted Plant Operation License Fee is added in the OPEX estimations in Table
7 according to the requested capacity.
Licensee  will  engage  Duiker  in  the  relevant  engineering/operation  phases  to  provide
mandatory services that allows the plant to maintain its intended performance level in terms of
process and environmental parameters and availability.
4.3  Operational Costs
The Operating Expenditure (OPEX) is presented in Table 9 Table 9. Operating Costand
consists of utility cost, catalyst cost, labor cost, as well as maintenance costs.
Ammonia price of € 600 per ton and electricity price of € 100 per MWh has been assumed.

Table 9. Operating Cost (±40%)
Price per year for single train
| Description  | Includes  |     | 12  ktpa  (36  | tpd  H 2 )  | 99.97  |
| ------------ | --------- | --- | -------------- | ----------- | ------ |
mol.%
- Electricity
|                     | - Ammonia/NG as fuel           |     |           |     |     |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------ | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
| Utilities  (± 40%)  | - Nitrogen                     |     | € 2.2 M   |     |     |
|                     | - Instrument air               |     |           |     |     |
|                     | - Cooling water                |     |           |     |     |
| Operating Labor     | - Operators incl. supervisors  |     |           |     |     |
€ 0.2 M
| (± 40%)  | - Administration  |     |     |     |     |
| -------- | ----------------- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
 - Pressure Vessels - NDE
 - Reactor inspection
 - Piping inspection
Maintenance  (± 40%)   - Reactor-tube bundle testing  € 0.3 M
 - Rotating equipment
 - Skids
 - Valves and Instrumentation
 - Catalyst Purchase
| Catalysts (± 40%)  |     |     | € 0.2 M   |     |     |
| ------------------ | --- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |
 - Catalyst Replacement
| Total (± 40%)  | - All of the above  |     | € 2.9 M   |     |     |
| -------------- | ------------------- | --- | --------- | --- | --- |

This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
|     |     |     |     |     | 17 / 18  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | -------- |

Document number Issue/status
Project - Item - Doc. - Numb A
type er Released
122380 - 00 - QUO - 0001
Title: Concept study Duiker's Ammonia to Hydrogen Converter (AHC)
5 Technical Key Performance Indicators
Efficiency & Yield
➢ The overall efficiency of the system is >90% based on lower heating values.
➢ Ammonia consumption is 7.03 kg NH / kg H for ammonia firing case.
3 2
➢ Ammonia consumption is 6.83 kg NH / kg H for natural gas firing case.
3 2
Utilities
➢ The only required utility of the AHC for normal operation is considered to be
electricity. In case natural gas is used, it is also considered a utility.
➢ Specific electricity consumption is 0.25 kWh/kgH .
2
Plot space
➢ The total plot space required for a single train AHC is 3,660 m2 for 276 tons per
day H . Plot space for single train of 12ktpa (36 tpd) H will require around 900
2 2
m2, however this plot space can be reduced due to rearranging of the units
depeding on the plant location as per the requirements of Gentari.
Emissions & Effluents
➢ During regular operations, the only effluent of the AHC is the flue gas that exits
the system through the Stack.
➢ NO emissions are below 5 ppm at 3% O dry, achieved by a small size SCR
x 2
unit. These emission levels are well below NO levels as per projects
x
specifications (700 mg/Nm3).
➢ No Scope 1 emissions (CO ), unless natural gas is used as a fuel
2
➢ No liquid (no ammonia waste stream) or solid waste streams are produced in
this process.
Capital Cost (± 40%)
➢ Total Installed Cost (Lump-sum turnkey, ± 40%) for single train producing 12
ktpa (36 tpd) H with purity of 99.97 mol.% is estimated at €47 million.
2
Operational Cost (± 40%)
➢ The Operating Expenditure (OPEX) for single train producing 12 ktpa (36 tpd)
H with purity of 99.97 mol.% is estimated at € 2.9 million. OPEX consists of
2
utility cost, catalyst cost, labor cost, as well as maintenance costs.
Technical Maturity Level
➢ Based on the equipment that the AHC consists of, the Technical Readiness
Level (TRL) is 8 and is ready to be deployed at commercial scale.
This document is confidential and has been sent to you for informational purposes only.
18 / 18